1. I plan to maintain a positive attitude and a growth mindset, and to strive to be on time. This would be the same in an engineering job.

2. If I was going to be late, I would immediately message those affected.

3. I would talk to my manager and affected teammates to let them know which deliverables would be ready and which would not, ask for help if I needed to, and work with them to set a new schedule.

4. I need to review material I've previously heard/read/watched as well as any notes I wrote, and try out the material myself. And I need to repeat a few times.

5. A growth mindset is one that remains curiousand believes that by sticking to a challenging topic one can grow and get better.

6. I'm using Mac OS 10.14 Mojave. Two other popular operating systems are Windows and Android

7. Computers need operating systems so we can operate them, i.e. get around inside of them and do things like running other programs.

8. When I feel stuck on a coding problem, I take a break and do something else. Then I come back to it later and work on it some more. If, after a few times of this I haven't succeeded, I ask for help from other people. If they can't help, I put it away and come back again another time.

9. To meet more people in tech, I will continue to attend events and meetups. Staying connected will be a challenge, but I will follow up by sending text messages or emails.

10. Standing with arms to the side, relaxed, or with palms pointing outward, signals that someone is receptive to what the other person has to say.

11. An example of effective word choice is, "Would you mind if I gaveyou a suggestion?" This gives the other person a choice and shows that you respect them.

12. Building trust in a team requires a combination of things: following through on your promises, showing respect to others, etc.

13. Devices on the internet are physically connected through wires, or through electromagnetic radiation signals such as those emitted by antennas.

14. Information is physically transmitted from device to device as packets of data sent either through ethernet cables, fiber optic cables or through wireless signals.

15. A device finds another device by getting the i.p. address of the other device from a domain name server.

16. Devices on the internet communicate with methods called protocols, some examples of which are tcp/ip and dns, ssl and tls, http, and ftp.

17. We can send data reliably by putting identifiers into each packet of data so that the client machine can check that each packet has arrived, and request those that are missing. Then, when all the packets are received, they are reassembled. 
